I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
I want more detailed information.
The stranger officiates the meal.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Two seats were vacant.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
She was too short to see over the fence.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Mary plays the piano.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Christmas is coming.
The book is in front of the table.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
The old apple revels in its authority.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Please wait outside of the house.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
How was the math test?
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Hurry!
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She did her best to help him.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Is it free?
Wow, does that work?
Where do random thoughts come from?
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She advised him to come back at once.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
The river stole the gods.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
This is a Japanese doll.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
The lake is a long way from here.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.

